how straight are we talking about here
whatever's in the way we got to dig
through it's got to be a totally
straight line that was straight River
straight swamps strick straight straight
straight
guy ask what the purpose of that one is
our purpose is to get the stock market
quotes in like 16 milliseconds which is
1 millisecond faster than everybody else
right now
ok then what happens roughly 500 million
dollars a year why didn't you go to
Epidaurus Ewa Torres uses human beings
like disposable assets I can make your
life hell if I decide you want to buy a
12 inch strip off of our property under
your property it looks like they're
building a fiber line between cats and
the New York Stock Exchange I know Jenny
I am looking at it we're gonna do this
unless I already told you with champ oh
yes we can do you think she's trying to
build her own line
[Music]
I just made half a million dollars in
five seconds we can't let her beat us
tell me the dream buddy country home on
a hill small rogue hummingbirds alright
say again country home when I help small
road hummingbirds I know you can do it
yeah okay somebody rigged on network
[Music]
mr. Zaleski mr. Zaleski stop you between
I have to pay why she putting up cell
towers they're trying to screw us I'm
gonna tear you down
I'm going into my meeting right now but
I'll call you in two or three hours um
could you send all the paperwork over to
my office I'd love to have this done by
the end of the day
[Applause]
just think of it as David walking onto
the floor of the stock exchange taking
out these biggest slingshot ever and
bring the lieth down to his knees or
David yeah yeah we're David
[Music]